in this lecture,
we're going to be building out the logic for the account creation page,
also known as the Sign up page.
So far,
the only page that we've created has been the index page,
the home page,
and that didn't need any client side JavaScript.
But the account creation page will because it will be a form.
And when a user submits the form or need to bundle up the inputs and send that to the A P I
using our APP client request function.
Now,
as we can see on the index page,
which links to the get started or sign up page,
the account creation page is located at account slash create in a previous lecture.
We have already set up a handler and a route for it,
but now we actually have to go fill out that handler.
So I'm gonna open up the handlers file,
weaken just below the index handler,
start creating the create account peddler.
It's going to be handlers dot account create,
and it's going to be set up much like the index.
And so I'm actually just going to take all the logic that was in the index and paste it in
here and that will modify it for our needs.
Just like the index page will be rejecting any request that isn't a get and then we'll need
to prepare some data for interpellation.
The head title,
rather than being this line,
is going to be create an account and the description will be much shorter.
Will be sign up is easy and only takes a few seconds.
Lastly,
the body class is going to be account create.
We're going to follow the same logic to read in the template,
so we will be calling helpers that get template.
But obviously,
rather than calling the index template,
we want to call one called account,
create passing the template data that we defined above and then add on the universal
templates when we need to.
All this other logic is going to be the same as it was on the index page.
So that's all the modifications to this handler that we need to make.
But of course,
we actually need to create this template.
So I'm going to touch templates,
slash account,
create dot html and open up this file at the top.
We're gonna have in H one create your account and then in H two,
sign up is easy and only takes a few seconds.
And now we are going to actually have a form that allows the user to fill out the first
name,
last name,
phone number,
password and a check box for terms of service agreement and then submitting before we're
gonna put it all inside of a dead called form rapper.
And now I'm not going to waste a bunch of your time writing this form from scratch.
As part of this video,
I'm just going to paste it in.
If you want to look at this code again,
you can go to our get hub where it's all there.
But since this isn't a front,
of course there's no reason toe walk through all these inputs and there you have it.
This is the full form.
It's ideas account create.
It's going to post to a P I slash users,
and we filled out a whole bunch of inputs that allow the user to know which inputs air
which and some scaffolding that can hold an error if we need to present an heir to the user
after they submit the form and all that.
But in order for this to work and not send a really form post to a P I slash users,
we're going to need to stop this form from submitting after the user clicks the submit
button and then bundle up the inputs ourselves and send it off to the Jase on a P I.
In order to do that,
we're going to modify app dot Js.
But again,
since this isn't a friend and lecture,
I'm not going to code this all up as part of this video.
I'm just going to paste it in from Iraq,
get help,
Okay.
And here it all is.
As you can see,
we have added some new logic here.
We've added a buying forms function which is going to stop the form from submitting and
then turn all the inputs from the form into a payload and send that payload off to the A p
I.
There's also a form response processor which has a to do in it.
Now that allows you to specify what should happen when a success messages received after
submitting specific forms.
So in our case,
this is the only form we have.
So we say if,
for my d equals account,
create do something in reality,
What we want to do after the account gets created after the sign of a successful is love
the user in.
But we'll wait to fill this out after we finished all the session logging in and longing
out wiring because we can just piggyback on that to fill in this section of the form.
The APP also now calls its own initialization function which gets fired after the window on
load event and all that does so far is called the bind forms function.
I'm going to add a temporary console log here that says the account create form waas
successfully submitted.
And now let's start the app up and look at that form.
Fill it out and submitted and see if we can see this console get logged.
So I'm gonna refresh this now we can actually go to the get started page and we can see
this form exists.
I'm gonna open up the console for after we submit it.
I'm gonna leave these inputs pretty much unchanged.
John Smith,
four on 51234569 which is a number we haven't used yet.
And then I'm going to say this is a password And yes,
I agree to the terms of service.
I submit the form.
What just happened?
We can see that we got the success message.
But if we look in the network,
we can see that there was a post to local host 3000 slash AP I slash users.
And if we look further,
we could see that we sent along a payload.
John Smith.
This phone number,
that password and toss agreement equals true.
So that payload was successfully sent.
We received a 200 from the A P I.
And if we go back to our data folder,
we can see that that user exists now.
Except,
of course,
his password is now hashed inside of our data file.
So the account creation form front end is working fine.
I'm going to get rid of this console log and before move on.
It's worth noting there was some new CSS added as part of this lecture,
but just like the JavaScript front end in app dot Js is not worth diving into because this
isn't a friend and course,
but it is available on big it up.
Now we can move on to the next lecture